Add `no-error-ctor-with-notthrows` rule (#240)
avajs/eslint-plugin-ava: readme.md

- [no-async-fn-without-await](docs/rules/no-async-fn-without-await.md) - Ensure that async tests use `await`.
- [no-cb-test](docs/rules/no-cb-test.md) - Ensure no `test.cb()` is used.
- [no-duplicate-modifiers](docs/rules/no-duplicate-modifiers.md) - Ensure tests do not have duplicate modifiers.

> - [no-error-ctor-with-notthrows](docs/rules/no-error-ctor-with-notthrows.md) - Prevent use of typerror with notthrows.

Author: Thanks, for reviewing the PR, I have pushed a commit with recommended changes.

- [no-async-fn-without-await](docs/rules/no-async-fn-without-await.md) - Ensure that async tests use `await`.
- [no-cb-test](docs/rules/no-cb-test.md) - Ensure no `test.cb()` is used.
- [no-duplicate-modifiers](docs/rules/no-duplicate-modifiers.md) - Ensure tests do not have duplicate modifiers.

> - [no-error-ctor-with-notthrows](docs/rules/no-error-ctor-with-notthrows.md) - No specifying error type in `t.notThrows()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [no-error-ctor-with-notthrows](docs/rules/no-error-ctor-with-notthrows.md) - Ensure no error constructor is specified in `t.notThrows()`.
```
